feat: add a flag whether to ignore the CLI errors during Android symbol upload (#1687)
getsentry/sentry-unity: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Features

> - Added a flag whether to ignore CLI errors during symbol and mapping uploads ([#1687](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unity/pull/1687))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added an `IgnoreCliErrors` to the Sentry-CLI options, allowing you to ignore errors during symbol and mapping upload ([#1687](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unity/pull/1687))
```
